Hi.
In this section I'm going to discuss about the ECS cluster and the cluster template I'm going to
use is EC2 Linux + networking here you can see in the PPT.
So basically this is your EC2 launch type in which I will show you how to configure and deploy EC,
2 instances in your cluster to run your containers.
In the previous lectures we understood about the AWS Fargate type, but in this entire section I will focus
on the EC2 launch type.
So let's understand what exactly I'm going to perform in this section.
So here you can see I have created one diagram and here you can see at the outer layer we have the AW.
S in which I'm going to choose my own region.
Suppose I'm going to perform this lab in the Mumbai region.
So very first step, I have to choose the region and second step I'm going to create my own.
VPC So here you can see this is my VPC, CIDR address.
And inside this VPC, I'm going to create 4 subnets, 2 private and 2 public, and you can see
the CIDR address of each subnet.
So this entire lab, I'm going to perform in the private subnet.
So basically when I'm going to create my cluster at that time, I'm going to choose the instances.
So where those instances would be created for the cluster.
So that time I'm going to choose the private subnet.
So in the lab I will show you once my cluster would be created at the back end, we would be having
the instances and my requirement is that my instances should be running on the private subnet.
So this is one thing and here you can see we have to configure the net as well.
So basically if you have any critical application and you want, it should be running in the private
subnet.
But suppose if in case you need some Internet connectivity, so you're going to place the net gateway
on your public subnet.
So if there is no net, the ECS agent which is running on the instances would not be able to talk to your
AWS ECS service.
So here, just keep in mind that suppose you have created 2 instances and while creating the instances
or while creating the cluster, I have chosen only private subnets.
So obviously the instances that would be created for the cluster that would be created inside the private
subnets.
So once the instances would be created, one agent that is your ECS agent would automatically created
or install on each of the instances.
Now the question is what is the use of this ECS agent which is running on the EC2 instances?
Basically this is your entire cluster and your ECS service is going to manage this infrastructure.
So how the ECS service is going to communicate with the EC2 instances in which we have to run
the containers for that it requires one agent.
So that agent is nothing is your.
It is your ECS agent which is running on the EC2 instances.
So you have to just keep in mind that the instances are running in the private subnet and each instances
there is one ECS agent.
And also once you create the cluster, it would be providing the auto scaling group as well.
Suppose you have chosen 2 instances at the time of creation of your cluster, so 2 instances would
be created.
But suppose if in case one instance is terminated by N number of reason, so your auto scaling group
is monitoring all your instances.
If any one of your instances goes down immediately, it is going to create a new instance for your cluster.
So auto scaling is going to maintain the number of desired instances.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, we'll understand more about it.